mail._domainkey.abusive.cf abusive.cf:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.abusive.ga abusive.ga:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.abusive.gq abusive.gq:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.abusive.ml abusive.ml:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.adjustech.com adjustech.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.alphabetashop.com alphabetashop.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.animamagica.tk animamagica.tk:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.basslin.es basslin.es:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.clicktopick.net clicktopick.net:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.cloudscontrol.us cloudscontrol.us:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.diptv.net diptv.net:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.fernhillmarket.com fernhillmarket.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.fernhillmeadow.com fernhillmeadow.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.fernhillschool.org fernhillschool.org:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.freetunetv.com freetunetv.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.keegan.ga keegan.ga:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.keegan.gq keegan.gq:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.keegan.info keegan.info:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.keegan.ws keegan.ws:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.kernelklug.com kernelklug.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.klug.pw klug.pw:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.mailballotvote.com mailballotvote.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.matthewklug.com matthewklug.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.quinn.ml quinn.ml:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.quinn.tk quinn.tk:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.sniz.net sniz.net:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.sniz.org sniz.org:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.str1ng.cf str1ng.cf:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.str1ng.ga str1ng.ga:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.str1ng.gq str1ng.gq:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.str1ng.ml str1ng.ml:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.tunetvonline.com tunetvonline.com:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.turnontv.net turnontv.net:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.ugraal.cf ugraal.cf:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.ugraal.ga ugraal.ga:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.ugraal.gq ugraal.gq:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.ugraal.ml ugraal.ml:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.ugraal.tk ugraal.tk:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.unplug.gq unplug.gq:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
mail._domainkey.unplug.ml unplug.ml:mail:/etc/opendkim/keys/mail.private
